We, the Simple Injector Contributors, love it when people talk about Simple Injector, build businesses around Simple Injector and produce products that make life better for Simple Injector users and developers. We do, however, have a trademark, which we are obliged to protect. The trademark gives us the exclusive right to use the term to promote websites, services, businesses and products. Although those rights are exclusively ours, we are happy to give people permission to use the term under most circumstances.

The following is a general policy that tells you when you can refer to the Simple Injector name and logo without need of any specific permission from Simple Injector:

First, you must make clear that you are not Simple Injector and that you do not represent Simple Injector. A simple disclaimer on your home page is an excellent way of doing that.

Second, you may not incorporate the Simple Injector name or logo into the name or logo of your website, product, NuGet package, business or service.

Third, you may use the Simple Injector name (but not the Simple Injector logo) only in descriptions of your website, product, business or service to provide accurate information to the public about yourself.

Fourth, you may not use the Simple Injector graphical logo.

If you would like to use the Simple Injector name or logo for any other use, please contact us and we’ll discuss a way to make that happen. We don’t have strong objections to people using the name for their websites and businesses, but we do need the chance to review such use. Generally, we approve your use if you agree to a few things, mainly: (1) our rights to the Simple Injector trademark are valid and superior to yours and (2) you’ll take appropriate steps to make sure people don’t confuse your website, package, or product for ours. In other words, it’s not a big deal, and a short conversation (usually done via email) should clear everything up in short order.

If you currently have a website that is using the Simple Injector name and you have not gotten permission from us, don’t panic. Let us know, and we’ll work it out, as described above.